
Note#2: According to radiometric dating estimation and other evidence, Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago. Within the first billion years of
 Earth's history, life appeared in the oceans and began to affect Earth's atmosphere and surface, leading to the proliferation of
 anaerobic and, later, aerobic organisms. Some geological evidence indicates that life may have arisen as early as 4.1 billion years ago.
 Since then, the combination of Earth's distance from the Sun, physical properties and geological history have allowed life to evolve
 and thrive. In the history of life on Earth, biodiversity has gone through long periods of expansion, occasionally punctuated by
 mass extinctions. Over 99% of all species that ever lived on Earth are extinct. Almost 8 billion humans live on Earth
 and depend on its biosphere and natural resources for their survival. Humans increasingly impact Earth's hydrology, atmospheric processes and other
 life.

Note#3: The modern English word Earth developed, via Middle English, from an Old English noun most often spelled eorðe.[25] It has cognates
 in every Germanic language, and their ancestral root has been reconstructed as *erþō. In its earliest attestation, the word eorðe
 was already being used to translate the many senses of Latin terra and Greek γῆ gē: the ground, its soil,
 dry land, the human world, the surface of the world (including the sea), and the globe itself. As with Roman
 Terra/Tellūs and Greek Gaia, Earth may have been a personified goddess in Germanic paganism: late Norse mythology included Jörð ('Earth'),
 a giantess often given as the mother of Thor.[26]

Note#4: Historically, earth has been written in lowercase. From early Middle English, its definite sense as "the globe" was expressed as the
 earth. By Early Modern English, many nouns were capitalized, and the earth was also written the Earth, particularly when referenced
 along with other heavenly bodies. More recently, the name is sometimes simply given as Earth, by analogy with the names
 of the other planets, though earth and forms with the remain common.[25] House styles now vary: Oxford spelling recognizes the
 lowercase form as the most common, with the capitalized form an acceptable variant. Another convention capitalizes "Earth" when appearing as
 a name (for example, "Earth's atmosphere") but writes it in lowercase when preceded by the (for example, "the atmosphere of
 the earth"). It almost always appears in lowercase in colloquial expressions such as "what on earth are you doing?"[27]

Note#1: Earth orbits the Sun at an average distance of about 150 million km (93 million mi) every 365.2564 mean solar days, or one sidereal year.
 This gives an apparent movement of the Sun eastward with respect to the stars at a rate of about 1°/day,
 which is one apparent Sun or Moon diameter every 12 hours. Due to this motion, on average it takes 24 hours—a solar
 day—for Earth to complete a full rotation about its axis so that the Sun returns to the meridian. The orbital
 speed of Earth averages about 29.78 km/s (107,200 km/h; 66,600 mph), which is fast enough to travel a distance equal to Earth's diameter,
 about 12,742 km (7,918 mi), in seven minutes, and the distance to the Moon, 384,000 km (239,000 mi), in about 3.5 hours.[5]

Note#1: Earth orbits the Sun at an average distance of about 150 million km (93 million mi) every 365.2564 mean solar days, or one sidereal year.
 This gives an apparent movement of the Sun eastward with respect to the stars at a rate of about 1°/day,
 which is one apparent Sun or Moon diameter every 12 hours. Due to this motion, on average it takes 24 hours—a solar
 day—for Earth to complete a full rotation about its axis so that the Sun returns to the meridian. The orbital
 speed of Earth averages about 29.78 km/s (107,200 km/h; 66,600 mph), which is fast enough to travel a distance equal to Earth's diameter,
 about 12,742 km (7,918 mi), in seven minutes, and the distance to the Moon, 384,000 km (239,000 mi), in about 3.5 hours.[5]

Note#2: The Moon and Earth orbit a common barycenter every 27.32 days relative to the background stars. When combined with the Earth–Moon system's
 common orbit around the Sun, the period of the synodic month, from new moon to new moon, is 29.53 days. Viewed
 from the celestial north pole, the motion of Earth, the Moon, and their axial rotations are all counterclockwise. Viewed from
 a vantage point above the north poles of both the Sun and Earth, Earth orbits in a counterclockwise direction about
 the Sun. The orbital and axial planes are not precisely aligned: Earth's axis is tilted some 23.44 degrees from the perpendicular
 to the Earth–Sun plane (the ecliptic), and the Earth–Moon plane is tilted up to ±5.1 degrees against the Earth–Sun plane. Without
 this tilt, there would be an eclipse every two weeks, alternating between lunar eclipses and solar eclipses.[5][152]

Note#3: The Hill sphere, or the sphere of gravitational influence, of Earth is about 1.5 million km (930,000 mi) in radius.[153][n 11] This is the
 maximum distance at which Earth's gravitational influence is stronger than the more distant Sun and planets. Objects must orbit Earth
 within this radius, or they can become unbound by the gravitational perturbation of the Sun.[153]  Earth, along with the
 Solar System, is situated in the Milky Way and orbits about 28,000 light-years from its center. It is about 20 light-years above
 the galactic plane in the Orion Arm.[154]

Note#1: In the eighteenth century, comparison between lunar theory and observation was used to test Newton's law of universal gravitation by the
 motion of the lunar apogee. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, navigational tables based on lunar theory, initially in the
 Nautical Almanac, were much used for the determination of longitude at sea by the method of lunar distances. In the
 very early twentieth century, comparison between lunar theory and observation was used in another test of gravitational theory, to test
 (and rule out) Simon Newcomb's suggestion that a well-known discrepancy in the motion of the perihelion of Mercury might be
 explained by a fractional adjustment of the power -2 in Newton's inverse square law of gravitation[1] (the discrepancy was later
 successfully explained by the general theory of relativity).

Note#2: To the Babylonian astronomer Kidinnu (in Greek or Latin, Kidenas or Cidenas) has been attributed the invention (5th or 4th century BC) of
 what is now called “System  B” for predicting the position of the moon, taking account that the moon continually changes
 its speed along its path relative to the background of fixed stars. This system involved calculating daily stepwise changes of
 lunar speed, up or down, with a minimum and a maximum approximately each month.[6] The basis of these systems appears
 to have been arithmetical rather than geometrical, but they did approximately account for the main lunar inequality now known as
 the equation of the center.

Note#1: Hipparchus, whose works are mostly lost and known mainly from quotations by other authors, assumed that the Moon moved in a
 circle inclined at 5° to the ecliptic, rotating in a retrograde direction (i.e. opposite to the direction of annual and
 monthly apparent movements of the Sun and Moon relative to the fixed stars) once in 18​2⁄3 years. The circle acted
 as a deferent, carrying an epicycle along which the Moon was assumed to move in a retrograde direction. The center
 of the epicycle moved at a rate corresponding to the mean change in Moon's longitude, while the period of the
 Moon around the epicycle was an anomalistic month. This epicycle approximately provided for what was later recognized as the elliptical
 inequality, the equation of the center, and its size approximated to an equation of the center of about 5° 1'.
 This figure is much smaller than the modern value: but it is close to the difference between the modern coefficients
 of the equation of the center (1st term) and that of the evection: the difference is accounted for by the
 fact that the ancient measurements were taken at times of eclipses, and the effect of the evection (which subtracts under
 those conditions from the equation of the center) was at that time unknown and overlooked. For further information see also
 separate article Evection.

Note#2: During the Second World War, Turing worked for the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park, Britain's codebreaking centre
 that produced Ultra intelligence. For a time he led Hut 8, the section that was responsible for German naval cryptanalysis.
 Here, he devised a number of techniques for speeding the breaking of German ciphers, including improvements to the pre-war Polish
 bombe method, an electromechanical machine that could find settings for the Enigma machine.

Note#3: Turing played a crucial role in cracking intercepted coded messages that enabled the Allies to defeat the Nazis in many crucial
 engagements, including the Battle of the Atlantic, and in so doing helped win the war.[12][13] Due to the problems of
 counterfactual history, it is hard to estimate the precise effect Ultra intelligence had on the war,[14] but at the upper
 end it has been estimated that this work shortened the war in Europe by more than two years and saved
 over 14 million lives.[12]

Note#4: After the war, Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory, where he designed the Automatic Computing Engine. The Automatic Computing Engine
 was one of the first designs for a stored-program computer. In 1948, Turing joined Max Newman's Computing Machine Laboratory, at
 the Victoria University of Manchester, where he helped develop the Manchester computers[15] and became interested in mathematical biology. He wrote
 a paper on the chemical basis of morphogenesis[1] and predicted oscillating chemical reactions such as the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction, first observed
 in the 1960s.  Turing was prosecuted in 1952 for homosexual acts; the Labouchere Amendment of 1885 had mandated that
 "gross indecency" was a criminal offence in the UK. He accepted chemical castration treatment, with DES, as an alternative to
 prison. Turing died in 1954, 16 days before his 42nd birthday, from cyanide poisoning. An inquest determined his death as
 a suicide, but it has been noted that the known evidence is also consistent with

Note#1: Turing was born in Maida Vale, London,[7] while his father, Julius Mathison Turing (1873–1947), was on leave from his position with
 the Indian Civil Service (ICS) at Chatrapur, then in the Madras Presidency and presently in Odisha state, in India.[17][18] Turing's
 father was the son of a clergyman, the Rev. John Robert Turing, from a Scottish family of merchants that had been
 based in the Netherlands and included a baronet. Turing's mother, Julius's wife, was Ethel Sara Turing (née Stoney 1881–1976),[7] daughter of
 Edward Waller Stoney, chief engineer of the Madras Railways. The Stoneys were a Protestant Anglo-Irish gentry family from both County
 Tipperary and County Longford, while Ethel herself had spent much of her childhood in County Clare.[19]

Note#2: Turing's parents enrolled him at St Michael's, a day school at 20 Charles Road, St Leonards-on-Sea, at the age of six.
 The headmistress recognised his talent early on, as did many of his subsequent teachers.  Between January 1922 and 1926,
 Turing was educated at Hazelhurst Preparatory School, an independent school in the village of Frant in Sussex (now East Sussex).[30]
 In 1926, at the age of 13, he went on to Sherborne School,[31] a boarding independent school in the market
 town of Sherborne in Dorset, where he boarded at Westcott House. The first day of term coincided with the 1926
 General Strike, in Britain, but Turing was so determined to attend, that he rode his bicycle unaccompanied 60 miles (97 km)
 from Southampton to Sherborne, stopping overnight at an inn.[32]  Turing's natural inclination towards mathematics and science did not earn
 him respect from some of the teachers at Sherborne, whose definition of education placed more emphasis on the classics. His
 headmaster wrote to his parents: "I hope he will not fall between two stools. If he is to stay at
 public school, he must aim at becoming educated. If he is to be solely a Scientific Specialist, he is wasting
 his time at a public school".[33] Despite this, Turing continued to show remarkable ability in the studies he loved, solving
 advanced problems in 1927 without having studied even elementary calculus. In 1928, aged 16, Turing encountered Albert Einstein's work; not
 only did he grasp it, but it is possible that he managed to deduce Einstein's questioning of Newton's laws of
 motion from a text in which this was never made explicit.[34]

Note#3: In 1936, Turing published his paper "On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem".[49] It was published in the Proceedings
 of the London Mathematical Society journal in two parts, the first on 30 November and the second on 23 December.[50]
 In this paper, Turing reformulated Kurt Gödel's 1931 results on the limits of proof and computation, replacing Gödel's universal arithmetic-based
 formal language with the formal and simple hypothetical devices that became known as Turing machines. The Entscheidungsproblem (decision problem) was
 originally posed by German mathematician David Hilbert in 1928. Turing proved that his "universal computing machine" would be capable of
 performing any conceivable mathematical computation if it were representable as an algorithm. He went on to prove that there was
 no solution to the decision problem by first showing that the halting problem for Turing machines is undecidable: it is
 not possible to decide algorithmically whether a Turing machine will ever halt. This paper has been called "easily the most
 influential math paper in history".[51]

Note#1: From September 1938, Turing worked part-time with the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS), the British codebreaking organisation. He concentrated on
 cryptanalysis of the Enigma cipher machine used by Nazi Germany, together with Dilly Knox, a senior GC&CS codebreaker.[64] Soon after
 the July 1939 meeting near Warsaw at which the Polish Cipher Bureau gave the British and French details of the
 wiring of Enigma machine's rotors and their method of decrypting Enigma machine's messages, Turing and Knox developed a broader solution.[65]
 The Polish method relied on an insecure indicator procedure that the Germans were likely to change, which they in fact
 did in May 1940. Turing's approach was more general, using crib-based decryption for which he produced the functional specification of
 the bombe (an improvement on the Polish Bomba).[66]

Note#2: On 4 September 1939, the day after the UK declared war on Germany, Turing reported to Bletchley Park, the wartime station
 of GC&CS.[67] Specifying the bombe was the first of five major cryptanalytical advances that Turing made during the war. The
 others were: deducing the indicator procedure used by the German navy; developing a statistical procedure dubbed Banburismus for making much
 more efficient use of the bombes; developing a procedure dubbed Turingery for working out the cam settings of the wheels
 of the Lorenz SZ 40/42 (Tunny) cipher machine and, towards the end of the war, the development of a portable
 secure voice scrambler at Hanslope Park that was codenamed Delilah.

Note#1: uring decided to tackle the particularly difficult problem of German naval Enigma "because no one else was doing anything about it
 and I could have it to myself".[91] In December 1939, Turing solved the essential part of the naval indicator system,
 which was more complex than the indicator systems used by the other services.[91][92]  That same night, he also conceived
 of the idea of Banburismus, a sequential statistical technique (what Abraham Wald later called sequential analysis) to assist in breaking
 the naval Enigma, "though I was not sure that it would work in practice, and was not, in fact, sure
 until some days had actually broken."[91] For this, he invented a measure of weight of evidence that he called the
 ban. Banburismus could rule out certain sequences of the Enigma rotors, substantially reducing the time needed to test settings on
 the bombes.[93] Later this sequential process of accumulating sufficient weight of evidence using decibans (one tenth of a ban) was
 used in Cryptanalysis of the Lorenz cipher.[94]  Turing travelled to the United States in November 1942[95] and worked with
 US Navy cryptanalysts on the naval Enigma and bombe construction in Washington; he also visited their Computing Machine Laboratory in
 Dayton, Ohio.  Turing's reaction to the American bombe design was far from enthusiastic:

Note#1: This is the final part of the 'Buzz This' Chrome Extension series, in the first post I showed you how to
 create a basic Chrome Extension. We then expanded on it in the 2nd post showing you how to use XHR
 and some advanced features of browser_actions.  In this post, I will show you how to quickly integrate Context Menus
 into Chrome Extensions. Why am I integrating Context Menus? Because they are a powerful hook in to your extension, and
 I want to be able to let users 'Buzz' about specific things on any page, for instance, if they find
 an interesting image, they can Buzz just that rather than the entire page. It is pretty powerful.

Note#2: The code is pretty simple, and should show you how easy it is to get started.  Context menus are pretty
 powerful and have the ability to be present through-out the life time of a users browsing experience, as such you
 must declare in your manifest the intention to use Context Menus. It is a pretty simple addition to the 'permissions'
 array in the manifest.

Note#3: Seriously, that is it. The Context menu will be active on the page in general, on any text selection, image (or
 element that has a 'src' attribute) and all links. There is a simple title 'Buzz This' that is display when
 anyone of those elements is context clicked. An when the user selects our 'Buzz This' menu item our 'onclick' event
 handler is called.  So what do we do in 'clickHandler' method? Well we handle the click obviously. In this
 case, I will detect what was clicked. The reason for detecting what element is the context is that the Buzz
 API that we are using allows you to pass in a few extra parameters such as the message (the selected
 text), an image (if the context was an image) or a url (if a link is the context).
